C++: Add query author and link to original PR in change-note (#5100)
github/codeql: cpp/change-notes/2020-02-04-unsigned-difference-expression-compared-zero.md

lgtm

> * A new query (`cpp/unsigned-difference-expression-compared-zero`) has been added. The query finds unsigned subtractions used in relational comparisons with the value 0. This query was originally submitted as an experimental query by @ihsinme in https://github.com/github/codeql/pull/4745.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new query (`cpp/unsigned-difference-expression-compared-zero`) is run but not yet displayed on LGTM. The query finds unsigned subtractions used in relational comparisons with the value 0. This query was originally submitted as an experimental query by @ihsinme in https://github.com/github/codeql/pull/4745.
```

We record in changes notes when LGTM's set of run/displayed queries change. Example: https://github.com/github/codeql/blob/main/change-notes/1.23/analysis-cpp.md
